Following the events of the Ruination, the cataclysmic event that tore the very fabric of reality
asunder, the once great sprawling civilisations of Yun have been reduced to ashes.

A strange portent appeared soon after -- a second Sun materialised in the sky, hanging low over the
southeastern province of Songji but burning cold. The surviving refugees were led by the revered
Magister-Lord to Songji, following the sign in the sky. There they formed a pact with the native
Song Commonwealth and settled in the northern areas.

Devastating incursions into Songji Province by unnatural creatures and monstrosities that appeared
in the Ruination's wake resulted in the creation of the Sanctuary Barrier, an immense protective
wall of force enclosing the province. The peoples of Songji, both native inhabitants and refugees,
flourished within the protection of the barrier.

However, this peace did not last. One century ago, the Magister-Lord whose great power had been
integral in maintaining the Sanctuary Barrier as well as the alliance between the various groups
that vie for control, was assassinated. The second sun turned black and leaked an great darkness
into Yun and the Magister-Lord was dead within the hour. His personal bodyguards, each renowned
heroes in their own right, have fled into hiding for reasons unknown.

Now, the world is in chaos once more. The northern powers, descendants of the refugees, plot
against each other as various Potential-Potentates have arisen to claim sovereignty. The native
Song Commonwealth is plagued with internal problems and the alliances have almost completely broken
down. The Sanctuary Barrier is waning, requiring multiple Sealing specialists to maintain it across
the entire perimeter. But most disturbingly of all the second sun has grown dark once again, and
fell whispers can be heard across the land.

You are a Listener in the service of the Silver Princess, descendant of the Magister-Lord and one
of the Potential-Potentates of the north. You have tracked down the whispers to the great spired
city, Shise Mirral, where your adventure begins...
